[Music]
We're half an hour away from the open in
Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Annabelle Drooers with David
and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We're starting off with
some breaking news. RBNZ coming out and
cutting interest rates by 50 basis
points. They are also open to further
rate reductions as required. We're
looking at the the Kiwi dollar sliding
on the back of the larger than expected
cut. We're also looking at yields as you
can see on the screens. should be moving
to the downside. We'll talk more about
this in a moment. But yes, we'll unpack
this decision for you in a couple of
minutes. But the headline is RBNZ
cutting by 50 basis points
>> and certainly not the consensus from
economists. But Asian stocks, meanwhile,
they're muted after Wall Street's
pullback from record highs sparks
investor caution. Tech shares in focus
on growing concerns about the AI frenzy.
Those tech jitters and the ongoing US
government shutdown fueling a further
rally in gold with futures topping
$4,000 and spot prices closing in and
investors weighing the latest travel and
consumption data as China's golden week
draws to a close.
>> Okay, again welcome to the show. Just
more in the breaking news so far coming
through and we are looking at the Aussie
Kiwi pushing to the upside that should
be breaking out of the recent range
5-year highs thereabouts as far as that
specific cross is concerned. Uh Kiwi
assets, Kiwi equities to be more
specific, are seeing some upside on the
back of that larger than expected cut.
Kiwi dollar, I would imagine, not just
down against the dollar, down against
everything else, 7/10en of 1%, we are
seeing the benchmark extending its gains
as we go into the thick of things today.
More on this in a moment. Of course,
we're looking at uh flip the page,
please. Still some market shut,
mainland, China, Korea still shuts. You
have Hong Kong, though coming back
online. uh likely going to see some
pressure as we move into the open today
following the lead which we'll talk
about in a moment uh from the US session
overnight. As you can see, 31% to the
downside. S&P futures are flat. Nickelo
continuing that move uh to the upside.
Uh stronger dollar, of course, you had
the euro and of course you have the yen
which is effectively trading at about
152 right now. Uh on that pair, golds,
uh we talked about that above 4,000. Bel
was just talking about that too. Goldman
Sachs will be joining us in a couple of
minutes. They're unpacking the 23%
uh increase they're penciling in uh by
December of next year. Uh 4900 I believe
is the price target out of Goldman
Sachs. Uh China overnight, golden dragon
index, Alibaba and BU and the tech plays
in focus given the pressure we saw
overnight likely will see
>> going into the open today reopen in Hong
Kong I should note that. And of course
China futures coming online too in
Singapore. Flip the page please. And we
are looking as well at this yuan
yen cross which is trading at about 21
uh one or so. So are we changing the
boards? Yes we are. Are we changing it
again? Thank you so much. Futures are
coming up very shortly. Opening bell 27
minutes away.
>> Yeah. And you can see there I mean it's
very clear on the lefth hand screen
we've got Hong Kong starting in under 30
minutes time. So we're coming back from
that public holiday. You mentioned some
of those those areas or sectors we're
going to be focusing on. So there's
there's gold of course there's the
travel story uh given we've got casino
stocks in focus. We had JP Morgan out
with a note saying that the Macau gross
gaming revenue around 700 million in
dollars in the first 5 days of October.
So just one of the early signals we're
getting in this space. What else we're
tracking in the session today? Well,
mainland markets of course still closed
because of the golden week break. Uh but
there are some some data points to track
as well. Hong Kong reserves coming out.
We're continuing to watch the yuan yen
cross. is sitting above still that 21
mark and we're going to really get into
the details on on the yen in the session
today as well just given that you're
continuing to see that weakness maybe
that carry trade uh coming back into
vogue as well and then lastly I'm going
to be really keen to watch this at the
open here CF Pharmachch this is a
pharmarmac uh essentially focuses on
respiratory illnesses or diseases but it
didn't raise it wasn't a huge IPO I mean
they raised around $80 million US but
what's going to be really interesting to
track is is just the open because in
gray market. There have been reports
that it's absolutely surging uh off of
off what shares were sold at which was
around 15 Hong Kong dollars a piece.
>> Okay. Yeah, we'll be tracking that
smoking one coming into the opening for
smokers as respiratory is the is the is
the uh connection there. Anyway, as we
go into the reopen of markets today,
mainland China does remain shut. Uh
let's bring in Minman Law, our China
correspondent uh just to help us
understand our approach to the open
today. What do you think? Up or down?
Well, down, I think, judging from what's
happening in the US overnight. Stop
testing me, David. But
>> we'll we'll see. We'll see.
>> We'll see. Um, yes, we're looking at
travel data because uh state media has
been publishing the midweek or or mid
midterm data, I guess, through Golden
Week. The first four days of Golden
Week, we're seeing catering and retail
sales up by 3.3% and cross regional
passenger trips up by 5.7% on year. So,
pretty strong numbers. Box office
numbers though, a little bit
disappointing. We're looking at upwards
of 1.7 billion UN in the October
holidays. But you compare it to last
year, it's still falling short of the
2.1 billion yen that we have last year.
And bear in mind, last year was a 7-day
holiday. Today, this year is a 8-day
holiday. And if you look at the chart, I
pulled those numbers from Mauian
Entertainment. You can see that we're
still far below the numbers between the
years of 2019 to 2021. Uh if we can show
the chart of the box office numbers
please. Um so yes perhaps movies are not
doing really well or they're not very
nice to watch because there are actually
11 new films that are being launched
during golden week to capture this
tailwind. Here you can see the chart.
>> Yes. So either people are not you know
the movies are not great or people are
not spending money there. But what's
doing really well is the sports industry
because the Chinese government has been
heavily promoting that. Many places are
holding tournaments. uh you know there
was a Shanghai Rolex Masters and then in
Beijing there is the table tennis uh
world open and just anecdotally my
friend was saying it was fully sold out
she couldn't get tickets for the
Shanghai Rolex open so a lot of demand
for those ticketed events
>> I I tried that too the master 1000 are
we talking about the tennis or you said
the
>> Rolex the tennis
>> yeah tennis yeah I did try and get
tickets absolutely not possible
>> I thought I thought you tried to
participate okay tried to get tickets
for it I'm like okay
>> if I was a professional tennis player I
was about to say.
>> Okay. Uh we mentioned Macau gaming
revenue. What do we get on that front as
well?
>> Yeah. Uh JP Morgan released some data
based on industry checks. They're saying
the first five days we are looking at
the best golden week in 5 years. But on
year the numbers are about a 3% increase
which they say is below their estimates
of mids single digits. But bear in mind
there was a typhoon that came over the
weekend. So Sunday visitor numbers went
down by a lot and JP Morgan expect the
second week of go second half of golden
week we could see still a pretty strong
demand there. They're keeping their
projection unchanged for the month of se
of October. They're looking at 11 to 13%
growth on year. So still pretty strong
numbers there.
>> All right Minman thanks for joining us.
That was our Bloomberg China
correspondent Min Low there. And just uh
shifting back to to what we had at the
top of the hour which is the RBNZ
decision and and really interesting
result essentially but we got a 50 basis
point cut and that was not the the
consensus going into the decision. So
going into it I think there was 10 of
the economists that we surveyed that
were expecting a 50 basis point cut but
but the majority were actually saying
they go 25 basis points instead. But
this is certainly a reflection I guess
of out that's out of 25 economists. But
but it is a reflection really of of the
the macro environment in in New Zealand.
I mean we yesterday we had the the
business confidence and you're seeing
businesses that are very concerned about
recession on the horizon. Uh you you've
seen the economy shrinking more than
expected in the second quarter. Again
business sentiment it's still downbeat
as well and concerns about the cost of
living crisis.
>> Yeah. They they not only dropped and
gave us 50 that they're also open to
more reductions as you were reporting
out. So the market is pricing all of
that in. I think we're looking at the
Aussie Kiwi cross on your screens. 1491
is the level to watch. Above that, of
course, we hit and we break out of this
uh this recent range. Uh we'll talk more
about that recession risks. That's a
very good segue uh from the RBNZ going
into of course what's coming up here in
shows which is of course JP Diamond
telling us that the JP Morgan out of JP
Morgan is spending $2 billion in AI and
expects to deliver billions more in cost
savings. that and of course his views
around a recession, the shutdown Jamie
Diamond and of course we'll play that
interview out on the times on your
screens. Ahead of that though, Goldman
Sachs joins us in a few minutes. They
raised their price targets for gold.
We'll ask them how we get there. We'll
ask them why. That's coming up next.
Countdown to reopen of trade here in
Hong Kong. The reopen is just There we
go. 21 minutes away. Thank you so much.
This is the China Show.
[Music]
dollars depreciated by about 10% in the
first half of this year. It's the single
biggest decline
in the US dollar in 6 months in 50
years. Gold is is at record highs.
sovereigns around the world, as you see
central banks around the world, as you
see individual investors around the
world go, you know what? I now view gold
as a safe harbor asset in a way that the
dollar used to be viewed.
Gold is a very excellent diversifier of
the portfolio. So if you were to look at
just from the strategic asset allocation
mix perspective, uh you would probably
have something like as the optimal mix
something like 15% of your portfolio in
gold because of the fact that um uh if
you didn't even have a tactical because
it is the one asset that does very well
when the typical parts of your portfolio
go down.
That was Citadel's Kane Griffin there
and Bridgewwater Associates Ray Dalio
speaking about gold and its safe haven
status as we see gold futures trading
above 4,000 and spot prices closing in
on that mark as well. But Goldman Sachs
has just raised its gold forecast for
December of next year to $4,900 per
ounce. That's up from $4,300.
Joining us now from New York is their
co-head of Global Commodities Research,
Dan Striv. And Dan, it's certainly a
call that that caught our attention
yesterday here and and the attention of
many others, but but what's behind it?
>> Yes. So, if we look at the the drivers
of the recent rally in gold prices over
the last month and a half, uh the
drivers are really sticky inflows from
two key high conviction buyers in our
pricing framework. Central bank buying
that's resuming after the seasonal
summer low and then second sticky
Western ETF inflows. And so the starting
point for price forecast uh has
essentially been been lifted. If we look
at the drivers of the sequential price
upside we expect by the end of next year
about 23%. They are unchanged. Number
one on the structural side we continue
to expect central banks to continue to
buy around 80 tons per month as they
diversify their reserves into the gold
asset which is safe. And second,
cyclically, as we expect the Fed to cut
the funds rate by 100 basis points, we
expect uh ETF inflows into the gold
market to also rise as well, providing
that cyclical boost uh to uh to the gold
price. So that continues to be our our
view on on the upside from here.
>> Okay. Help us understand then the this
very small offset Dan on. So it's 23% 19
percentage points is structural flows.
ETFs I think is about five there.
there's a negative offset you're seeing
as far as speculative flows are
concerned. Help us understand that
factor and why you think we might see
that normalize.
>> Yeah, great. So, the way we forecast
gold prices is essentially by relating
the price change to the inflows from the
three what we call high conviction uh
buyers, central banks, ETF inflows and
then speculative positioning. We do
think that speculative positioning tends
to mean revert normalize over time. At
the moment spec positioning is around
percentile 70 or so of the historical
distribution. We assume that that
normalizes to percentile 50 subtracting
about a percentage points from our
forecast for the return uh by the end of
26. But the big driver of a bullish call
is really central banks structurally
buying more gold as they are underweight
gold. As central bank surveys show
record purchase intentions of gold and
as since the freezing of Russia central
bank reserve in 2022, central bank
reserve managers realize that the truly
only safe asset that is safe from
sanctions is gold when you hold it in
your domestic vaults.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and I think the the China
part of the conversation there with I
think 11 straight months out of the PBOC
and some of the other initiatives that
they have in China to I think broaden
out their their their
influence over the supply chain then to
to your point the what what then is the
well is there a risk to to the gold bull
run and what do I watch is it central
banks or it's something else?
>> Yes. So, you know, the risk to our
forecasts are are two-sided. I would say
the risk to our forecast on net are
skewed to the upside. What is the the
significant upside risk to our already
bullish forecasts? It's the possibility
that diversification into gold, which
has largely been led by the official
sector, central banks, broadens to the
private sector. We saw a prelude of that
in uh September. In fact, in September,
Western ETF inflows into the gold market
were about six times higher than what
our traditional rates based model for
ETF inflows predicts. The level though
of ETF uh gold holdings is now
essentially in line with its fundamental
level. But one key upside risk is the
possibility that uh ETF inflows uh rise
substantially further if private sector
investors decide to share the baton in
the gold rally with central banks and
diversify uh into gold. What's the key
downside risk to our forecast? Because
the key driver of the upside with a 19
percentage point contribution to the 23%
rally coming from central banks, the key
upside risk is that central banks uh
purchase at a slower rhythm uh than our
base case. But history suggests uh that
these cycles where central banks buy
tend to be quite long and sticky.
And Dan, just to ask you more about the
bull case if the private sector follows
the lead from central banks, what's the
what's the bullcase projection then
>> uh on gold price and what does that also
mean for silver? Sorry, just to ask you
about that if you're a believer in that
in that ratio between gold and silver.
>> Yeah. So the the upside can be can be
quite significant. um you know our our
pricing model uh you know sort of
estimates that for every 100 tons of
purchases uh of ETFs that the gold
prices uh is 1.7%
higher. The key intuition why the
potential upside to gold prices and and
in fact especially silver prices from
private sector diversation into precious
metals is elevated is the following.
Precious markets are very small. If I
compare the size of uh gold ETF holdings
with the value of outstanding US
treasuries, the treasury market is 70
times bigger than gold ETF holdings. And
in fact, silver, the silver ETF market
is 10 times smaller than the gold
market. So in other words, you only need
a very small diversification step out of
bigger, more traditional markets such as
the M government bond markets to cause a
lot of upside in those much smaller uh
precious markets. And to your point, um
the key reason silver has rallied even
more than gold this year is a big uh
pickup in in ETF inflows. Um and because
the silver market is is significantly
smaller than the gold marketer for a
given move in uh for a given
diversification move, you can get bigger
price upside. The big difference though
between the gold market and the silver
market is that central banks they are
buying gold. They're not buying silver
because gold uh is more precious and
more uh more scarce. And so uh you we
think the fundamental reason why the
gold silver price ratio will likely
continue to be above its traditional uh
historical average is the fact that
central banks are buying gold but not
silver.
>> What about copper as well? Because
that's a metal we've seen resuming its
rally. A couple of different factors
behind that including the Fed, but but
what are your cases there of where it
goes?
Yes, the copper price has rallied to
around $10,700
per ton on the back of a supply outage
in the Grassburg mine, the second
biggest mine in the world, plus uh
support on the macro side from uh Fed
cuts and and dollar depreciation. Uh we
think that the copper price will remain
rangebound in a 10 to 11k per per ton uh
range. Uh we think that 10,000 is
actually the new floor for copper
prices. Um, copper prices have never
exceeded $10,000 for for more than two
months. But we think that 10,000 is a
new floor because the mining supply
outages illustrated that resources are
constrained because demand in critical
sectors such as the grid and the power
sector uh continues and because it's
quite plausible that uh governments
across the world will strategically uh
build up inventories of copper. That
said, we think 11,000 is a ceiling
because as we learned in the spring of
last year, when copper prices rise too
high, too quickly, you start to see uh
loosening effects coming for instance
from switching of copper demand into
aluminum demand or copper scrap supply
starting to show up. So, we have a
constructive uh range 10 to 11k forecast
for copper.
>> Dan, thank you so much for taking the
time in your evening to speak with us.
and striving there of course co-head of
global commodities research at Goldman
Sachs in uh in New York almost like an
Olympics sort of metals conversation
there from gold to silver to yeah copper
or bronze all right uh the approach to
the open today we're looking at some
weakness coming through the pre-open is
coming up next a preview of the reopen
here in Hong Kong this is the China
[Music]
Right. Uh, welcome back. You're watching
the China Show. It's the It's Wednesday
today, isn't it?
>> It is hump day.
>> Thank you. Hump day. Okay. And we are
likely going to see a hump uh today as
Hong Kong reopens today with the
pressure coming through. Um quite
significant declines across the big tech
space overnight. Alibaba, BU, AI place,
Golden Dragon Index perhaps a bit of
catch down to what we saw in the US.
>> Yeah, I think there's been a concern
about valuations generally and then on
top of that you had this story that the
information reported about Oracle uh and
and yeah, essentially their margins
maybe not looking as good as expected.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh let's get a sense of what
this reopen looks like with the
short-term and longerterm path of
equities amidst this bull market. Emily
Dong is with us here, managing director
and head of equity at Conning Asia
Pacific. Good morning. Nice to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> The what's the general advice given
almost every equity market we look at is
either or at at at a bull in a bull
market or at record highs
>> right through the volatility. If you are
constructive on the outlook and take
opportunity
>> to to build on your position.
>> Okay. Are you worried about valuations
at this point in time?
>> Of course, we always conscious of
valuation.
>> Okay.
>> But our focus is make on the right bet.
>> Like we are constructive on the AI as
well like all the other competitors. But
we need to be conscious about where we
put our capital into like if you look at
the US is more crowded because most of
capital flow into that space. But versus
this region less crowded and equally
they have the supply chain and if you
look at a valuation more discount versus
the US peer and theoretically the gap
will narrow going forward.
>> Yeah.
>> So constructive you're constructive on
China specifically right now.
>> Yeah. We're turning more constructive on
China these days.
>> And which parts of the Chinese market?
>> Yeah. If you look at a China market year
today that they have a fantastic run and
if you look at the fundamental datas and
there's some green truth compared to
last couple years if you look at the
industrial production uh industrial
profit number turn positive actually
last month it's 20% year-over-year which
is phenomenons and also if you look at
the flow into the China market and
turning more constructive there's
appetite flow into this region as well
uh and From our perspective uh generally
speaking we are constructive on China
market and particularly for the uh tech
space given they benefit from the AI
boom as well and China is one of the uh
market they have the talent they have
the policy support and also they have
the capital and they have the supply
chain particularly given the Chinese
government's intention try to uh try to
promote a tax uh innovation and we think
the tax base definitely Uh quite
interesting.
>> Okay. Uh we'll have more with Emily
Dong. Of course, we'll be unpacking many
of those topline thoughts as we go into
the open today. Managing director there
and head of uh equity at Conning Asia
Pacific will be rejoining us of course
in a couple of minutes here.
>> All right. In the meantime, we are just
under 5 minutes away from the open this
morning. And just taking a look at
what's happening in pre-market. Well, 10
cent you can see here because we had
that rating upgrade yesterday from
>> highest on the street.
>> Wow. $881 a piece. I mean, you're quite
a ways off that right now. But 10 cent
of course is is a stock that's done very
well this year. But really the whole
board has done pretty well this year
particularly Alibaba and BU. But you are
seeing maybe a little profit taking
right now but but certainly we've seen
concerns generally as we said around
valuations in particular. Uh the other
story we're tracking here is
>> this is Bel's favorite story today.
>> Well it kind of is and for good reason.
Who doesn't love an IPO that does well
or a trading debut that does well after
a relatively small IPO I have to say
around $80 million. But here today
trading at 47. Uh the the the initial or
the the price that shares were sold at
was $15 a piece. So $15 and you're
trading at 47 as we are just 3 minutes
away from the open this morning. So
we'll have the open next. You're
watching the China show and this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Good morning and welcome back.
We're going into the reopen today. 40
seconds away. Uh the uh lead we're
getting out of Wall Street into the rest
of the Asia Pacific is one that is more
on the weaker side of things. And as you
can see, that's playing out already uh
going into the pricing into the opening
bell today here. Bel. Yeah, there was
some weakness on Wall Street and I think
it also just plays into sort of just
investors taking a breather as well
because you just go from record high to
record high. Still concerns around US
government shutdown for instance. There
are concerns around tech valuations and
that certainly played into the dynamics
that we saw. So that's really going to
be the thing to track in the session
today. I mean the big story we had
overnight as well was Oracle because we
saw shares sinking. They were down 7% at
one point. They closed 2.5% lower still
and that was after the information
reported about how they're losing or
their profit margins don't look quite as
crash hot as could have been perhaps
expected. But here you've got the open
for Hong Kong today and again you we
were on a public holiday yesterday. So
you're coming back after a little bit of
a break but uh we are moving to the
downside. What we're tracking in
particular is is the tech space uh
because you are seeing the likes of
Tencent for instance, Alibaba, BU, Mtoan
in the red, Xiaomi just holding on
fractionally into positive territory.
But as I said that story around Oracle
has been really one of the key themes to
track and we can take a look at some of
those movers in more detail. Uh so
essentially the story from the
information is that they were citing
some some internal company documents
that they say that they've seen but that
Oracle generated around $900 million in
revenue from the rental of its servers
but they only made $125 million in gross
profit.
>> So $900 million in revenue but $125
million in gross profit. Our Bloomberg
intelligence team says that's not too
concerning and that they're not
expecting any sort of changes around
their pricing strategy, but still it has
been something to to track closely
because you've seen stocks moving to the
downside off that. Lenovo is actually an
interesting one to be watching today
because we had Dell was one of the more
positive stories in the tech space. We
actually saw them roughly doubling their
growth estimates for the next four years
and that's coming down to to demand for
AI products. So you can see here Lenovo
pushing a little bit higher and so that
is really the tech story today. The
other story of course comes back to that
IPO we were tracking or the listing
trading debut of this pharma company
called CF Pharmarmac. Now they were a
focus on respiratory products.
They they had an IPO that raised around
just under US uh dollars 80 million.
Shares were sold at $15 a piece. But
you're seeing of course a very strong
debut. And it's just interesting I think
when you take it in that sort of broader
context of of of biotech really being
one of the standout sectors this year.
And if you price it, I'm not saying they
priced it cheap, but when you get a move
like this, it kind of begs a question
whether they left money on the table.
>> You do wonder that
>> for for for
>> 224% surge at the opener,
>> which is not a bad thing. Which is not a
bad thing. Of course, secondary market,
right? But if anyway, okay, that that
that's between the the issuers and their
bankers.
>> Not a matter for us.
>> No, no, we only report what we see and
it's a substantial first day as a
publicly traded stock. Okay. Uh well
just to pivot here at the top of this
hour we got the RBNZ cutting interest
rates by slightly more than consensus.
There were of course there was a faction
in the in the economist community that
did expect a 50 basis point cut which is
what we got but markets are pricing even
further easing because that's what the
RBNZ and as you can see the Kiwi dollar
is now uh pushing about 1% to the
downside. The the opposite as well here
as far as the Aussie Kiwi is concerned
is uh we're looking for a possible break
of the top end of the recent range. I
think if and when that happens, we'll
get that to you. But yes, there is a
certainly a a a dovish adjustment uh
taking place uh in Kiwi assets right
now. Okay, let's turn our attention back
to the equity markets which I think have
been doing well uh going into the fourth
quarter of this year. Still with us here
on set is Emily Dong, managing director
and head of equity at Conning Asia
Pacific. So constructive still within
the Asia-Pacific equity sphere. uh is is
is that a function of valuations in the
US being too frothy or is Asia really
the way to play the the AI play?
>> Yeah, it's a combination of the both. If
you look at the post liberation days and
flow massively into the equity market
and everyone know the flow into US
market but don't forget the massive flow
into Asian market as well and the live
along the size for the emerging market
the impact more significant for uh
emerging market particularly for Asia if
you look at a year-to- date performance
US or Europe only have teens growth year
to date but as if you look at this part
of the region like Korea China or Taiwan
uh or even uh Latin America they have a
30 to 50% rally uh that's
>> yes
>> factor basis
>> but also but if you look at a
positioning wise consensus for the EM
market still consensusly underway the
China Taiwan particularly which tell you
opportunity is still there most investor
doesn't participate for the rally but on
fundamental wise and if we look at the
supply chain and you have the full
supply chain in US but equally you have
supply chain in Asia as well and whether
>> investor give enough credit for that
full supply chain that's a question mark
but I would say there's a opportunity
here look at in Asia we have the
fabulous we have the foundry we have the
IT software we have the IDC we have a
internet platform we have a cloud
service provider and why they treat at
discount
>> and if you look at a hyperscaler as
example American hyperscaler treated 30
times or 40 times versus the cloud
service provider only treat on teams
which tell you the gap will narrow going
forward.
>> That that's true. Yeah.
>> What happens then though? Because at the
moment one of the sort of criticisms we
hear is that the maybe the the to your
point the valuations are too high. Maybe
there's an a bubble that's forming in AI
generally. Maybe a lot of these deals
that we're seeing also look a little bit
too circular as well. What happens if
you see sort of that pullback in the US
as traders kind of really think about
what they're seeing? so far in terms of
ROI does that impact your views on on
how constructive you are for Asia? Yeah,
for any new economy or new disruptive uh
technology wouldn't be linear uh
progress in terms of share price and
take opportunity for the market
volatility to build on the position for
the stuff you have conviction and what I
want to emphasize is AI only at an early
stage of monetizations. That's why
superficially on the headline number
looks expensive but if you look at a
three to five years down the road and
may not be expensive at all. Yeah, I was
actually going to ask you that how
useful are these traditional metrics of
valuation given that you know you know
the most popular one simply looks at
only 12 months down the road when you
look at 12 month PE for example how
useful is that an indicator of really
the true value of of of these companies.
>> Yeah because the new generation leader
for the AI era will be disruptive. They
will create a new addressable market and
change the consumer behavior. I suspect
if you look at a PE on the historical
basis wouldn't a be good proxy you need
to look at what's the five years and
seven years down the road what's the
addressable market or what's the implied
valuation
>> I'm wondering about your views on
Alibaba too because we've got a view out
this morning from Bloomberg intelligence
our our internal team but but Robert
Lee's talking about how artificial
intelligence actually isn't that
intelligent and so investors are going
specifically
>> yeah LLM sorry I should clarify but but
not quite quite as intelligent maybe as
as as investors want to see and maybe
that's also going to to lead possibly to
to a a reappreciation around the AI
story for the company that's been so
much behind their rally this year.
What's your view on that?
>> Well, Baba have done really well this
year and they have a strong run more
than 100%. I would say if you look at
their core marketplace business and they
generate a strong cash flows and they
try to digitalize the consumer spendings
in China and on top of that if you look
at it recently analyst days their CEO
talking about they want to emphasize uh
and the AI commitment they want to build
a full stack for the AI service and
which is backed by the increased
spending on the capex space
>> and also if you look at a uh for cloud
service particularly they Alibaba is the
u market leader it's a clear leader in
that space and why they treat that
discount versus others and it's a
question mark I think the valuation will
play a catch up leave alone that's align
with the Beijing's uh intention try to
promote the technology innovations in
the space and Baba will definitely is
one of the leader in that space but
other than that I want to emphasize
that's reinforce our thinking that
global investors introspect into China
and Baba as one of the big uh index
stock potential they will benefit from
that flow as well. I think one of the
needles actually we haven't threaded on
on the tech stocks you're just looking
at there. Alibaba, BU, Tencent, they're
also the big cloud providers in China
and already they have very thin margins.
So if you're getting concerned about
Oracle as well, it certainly could be
playing into what we're seeing there.
Pretty big sell-off. But yeah.
>> Yeah. No. Yeah, that's a good point
because people are rerating how much the
cloud business is worth as the sort of
the lowest hanging fruit in the AI play,
right, for these big platform companies.
I guess it's a very good observation you
made that you know valuations there's a
very wide gap between Asia Pacific and
the US and I wonder I want to ask you
two things how do we account for home
bias among investors simply that might
account for the fact that they're not
biting on these valuations and number
two is how do Asian investors look at
concentration risk within their market
so Samsung and SKH in Korea TSMC in
Taiwan some of these big the the big
three here in Hong Kong. How do we need
to be looking at those those two things?
Home bias and also uh uh concentration.
>> Yeah, concentration is one of the
concern and investor need to bear in
mind and you want to reason about
diversifications. That's why we need to
allocate our capital not just limit one
particular region and you need to look
at opportunity uh globally like you just
mentioned that for the memory space you
have the leading player in US trade on
three times PB and also you have the
Korean player trading at two times or
only 1.5 times PB which tell you
opportunity may exist in the other part
of the market.
>> What do you make about Japan as well?
Because yesterday we were talking with
one of our reporters Abashek Vishnoy who
was making the point that the AI story
in Japan has been a little bit
underappreciated.
Do you see that? I I I think that Japan
is your largest country holding in Asia.
>> Yeah. Uh I would say the new uh prime
minister definitely want to uh make a
push on the semi uh semiconductor space
and he's very committed uh in that
space. I would say they probably will
play a catchup uh as well on that space.
But on top of that and he she met there
there's a talking about in the market
she want to re-engage with Donald Trump
and you talk about uh renegotiation on
the terror front and if that's the case
potential could be positive for this
semiconductor space as well
>> Japan seems to be well re I I would say
reemerged because it didn't really go
away uh for a long time over the last
four years reemerged as a really alpha
play when you look at Asian equities is
that structural story still underpriced
when you look at the entire Japanese
equity market like what are the biggest
opportunities there uh in Japan?
>> Yeah, from our perspective we see the
policy uh focus going forward will be
one is the technology buildout or
semiconductor particularly and also on
the uh defense uh buildout.
>> Uh that's another
>> heavy equipment place. Yep. Okay.
>> Yeah. Or the yeah the defense Yeah.
>> uh build out as well and also
infrastructure investment. So those are
the area we want to allocate our capital
make up a bet.
>> What else? What are what are investors
missing right now? What's what's you
think sort of the underappreciated story
>> or the risk?
>> Yeah, let's start it from the risk.
>> Yeah. uh given that there's a strong
sentiment in the AI space potentially
for the new leader like open AI or like
uh they potentially could be disruptive
for the existing uh dominant players
given for the AI monetization is only at
early stage and we don't know who will
be disrupted but uh someone will
disrupted given their business model is
belong to the old generation we need to
be conscious of that space that's on the
risk side And opportunity wise I still
want to emphasize for Asia for emerging
market and there's a pocket of
opportunities particularly in the tax
space uh in terms of the valuation in
terms of the flow wise they should
generate much stronger alpha compared to
the US.
>> All right the risk of who's going to be
the next Kodak essentially.
>> Yeah but that's hard to know until
>> in hindsight isn't it?
>> Power of hindsight. All right Emily
thank you for joining us this morning.
>> Most times of course. Yes.
>> Or Xerox. Yeah,
>> we'll see. That was Emily Dong there,
managing director and head of equity at
Conning Asia Pacific. And we'll have
plenty more ahead. This is the China
Show.
[Music]
Taking a look at the Kiwi dollar this
morning, we have seen it moving pretty
substantially actually. So slumping, but
that's after the RBNZ surprise with an
outsized cut. So leading into this
decision, the the consensus really was
that they'd go 25 basis points. They've
elected for 50. They've indicated there
could be more to come as well and that's
because there are a lot of concerns
about essentially the economic outlook.
But let's get more on this now with
James McIntyre from Bloomberg Economics
joining us from Sydney. So James, as you
flagged in in your report, yes, 25 basis
points was was sort of the consensus,
but there was always that risk they go
for 50 as well. So what do you think is
behind that decision this morning?
>> Yeah, thanks Annal. Thanks for having
me. So we we'd flagged that there was a
risk there was 50. they were at least
doing 25 this uh this meeting and really
the the risk there is what's been going
on within the economy. We had weaker
than expected June quarter GDP. The
economy is recovering in the third
quarter based on some of the partial
indicators but sentiment remains
incredibly weak. We saw that in the
quarterly survey uh of business opinion
uh that was released uh yesterday. If
the recovery is there in September
quarter, it's not an especially strong
one. and the RBN that's a bit worried
about that prolonged weakness in the
economy being something that actually
results in inflation falling much much
further than they're than they're
expecting and that they want.
>> James David here the the fact that they
to your point they went 50 and then they
flagged possibly more. How do we need to
be looking at that?
Yeah, there's an interesting part in the
statement where they talked about how um
across the the yield curve, short-term
rates had fallen a bit. Um and that's
important in New Zealand because that's
where a lot of the the short-term
mortgage anchoring or mortgage fixing is
anchored off those short-term rates, but
they hadn't seen the 5-year um uh uh
rate fall as much. And so, this is
where, you know, they're going to keep
talking about rate cuts. How many more
they've got uh to deliver is is
debatable. We think there's probably at
least one more. We'll see what they say
in uh at the November meeting with their
projection. Um but they really want to
kind of get that downward pressure on
the yield curve in order to get those
mortgage fixings down so that they can
get some of that cash flow channel of
mortgage of transmission into the
economy and get this growth recovery
happening a little bit stronger than
what it's looking like right now for
them.
>> James McIntyre, thank you so much, sir.
Out of Bloomberg Economics, by the way,
very nice choice of tie pattern today.
There we go. I should say so myself.
Coming up here on shows, President Trump
escalates tensions over the US
government shutdown, saying that he
might withhold back pay for furled
workers. We'll hear Jamie Diamond's
views on the issue coming up next. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Uh, welcome back. We'll talk more
about these things in a moment, but
yeah, a deepening selloff in Chinese
tech and also a deepening selloff in the
Japanese currency at session lows on the
yen, session highs on dollar yen. Uh,
five straight days of weakness. Now,
we're set for I think the worst week
since 2024. Again, more on this in a
moment. Let's talk about the US
shutdown. Why not? So, President Trump
has escalated tensions with Congress
over the shutdown, saying that he might
withhold back pay for furoughed federal
workers.
>> Look, I don't like shutdowns. I I think
it's just a bad idea and I don't care
what the Democrats, Republicans say.
It's a bad idea. It's not a way to run a
railroad. I don't think it's critical.
We've had I forgot the number, four or
five or six. You know, one of them went
for 35 days. I'm not sure anyone really
affected the economy and the market in a
real way.
Yeah, that
didn't look like President Trump. That
was Jamie Diamond there. Uh, on a
similar issue, Derek Wbank is here.
Let's make sure it's Derek. Derek, can
you come up on screen? I just want to
make sure it's you. Derek Wallbank is
joining us right now. There we go. Derek
Walbach is here to talk us through uh
where are we now? Uh, when it comes to
the shutdown, Derek,
>> well, David, look, we're we're right
where we were. I wish I could tell you
that it was something different and that
there had been some big uh you know
coming together of minds but there just
hasn't. Um you know Congress is still
stuck where it has been over this issue
of healthcare subsidy money. We are
seeing a couple of uh cracks in the dam
uh a little bit on both sides. Marjorie
Taylor Green, uh the very very um
hawkish right-winger from Georgia, uh
was probably the biggest one so far,
said her kids, her adult children have
uh have plans that their costs would
double if this isn't done and criticized
Republican leaders for, in her words,
not having a plan to deal with or not
having communicated a plan to deal with
this. But overall, uh, we're still in a
situation where the president, uh, is
ratcheting up, uh, threats for pain on,
uh, Democrats, suggesting that he may be
able to withhold pay from federal
workers. There is a substantial amount
of question about whether or not that's
something he can actually do. Um, but
that is the threat that's there. And
hanging over all of this is a threat
from uh Russ vote, the OM director, uh
to maybe rather than furlow federal
workers, which they are currently
furled, to actually go through with
permanent job cuts, trying to put
pressure on Democrats. as is. We're
waiting right now um ahead of a key
pressure point uh I would say of next
week when you really start seeing a lot
of federal workers particularly members
of the military may miss paychecks if
this drags on long enough. We've also
seen across the United States tonight,
my time, uh some hitches in air traffic
uh control with some staffing issues
related to the shutdown. Uh delays
particularly very bad in Dallas, in
Chicago, and in Nashville.
>> Yeah. Wow, Derek, because there's
already a lot of concerns around around
safety in the skies in the US right now.
But I want to pick up on that point that
you made around this possibility that
people actually start to miss paychecks
because
>> in the reporting as well and of course
no surprises but if if people do start
to miss federal workers start to miss
their paychecks opinion polls are
already showing they're more likely to
blame Republicans for this. So how big
could the fallout actually end up being?
>> Yeah, that's true, Bill. And and you
know you you sort of look at this in
terms of an economic problem that starts
getting bigger. Look, I've said for days
and days um that that these are the sort
of things that start medium bad and then
get worse over time, right? And so
you're talking about in places with
heavy federal workforces uh localized
real big uh economic problems
particularly in uh in you know the
Washington DC metro in Virginia in
Maryland and and and let's bear in mind
there is a key election coming up in
Virginia uh where this is playing a
major major role not to the favor of of
the Republican as well as in New Jersey
where Donald Trump one of ways to try
and uh increase the potential pain on
Democrats was to hold back some money uh
from some key transit projects into New
York City. Guess who takes those most
New Jersey commuters. And so that's
become an issue there. So you're already
starting to see some of the political
outflows of this uh starting to come
into force. But make no mistake, the
worse the longer this goes, by far the
worse that this gets.
>> Yeah, really uh fascinating to see in
action, but certainly something that of
course many sides will be hoping or many
will be hoping is resolved soon. That
was our senior editor there, Derek
Walbang from San Francisco. And now for
another check on markets because we're
back to my favorite story today.
>> Yeah, CF Farm Tech. And you'll see why.
>> Yeah, you will see why. Surprise. It's
it's doing very well in its IPO here.
So, so it listed or shares were sold at
15 Hong Kong dollars a piece, but
they're surging on the debut. Uh, really
tracks what we've seen for all farmer
companies listing in Hong Kong because
of the ones that have, they've all risen
the last in the last year, but three uh
on their first trading day. Macau
casinos you're seeing here under
pressure. We did actually have some
reporting out from JP Morgan on terms of
in terms of gross gaming revenue. I
think that's around $700 million
>> for the first five days of October.
>> For the first five days of October. So,
we'll leave you that with that. But more
on the the story around Vietnam just
ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh we're entering the
second hour of the China show. The story
is one that of course the reopened in
Hong Kong. We'll get to more on that in
a moment because we are seeing some a
lot of pressure across equity markets
here in Hong Kong. The opposite though
is true when you look at gold prices. So
we woke up to this reality. Gold futures
above 4,000 and in the last few minutes
spot gold has now risen above that
threshold. You see it of course on your
screen. So we did cross that a few
seconds ago, but it certainly doesn't
seem to be that's a whole nice whole run
number. Uh but again this conversation
we had with Goldman Sachs early on
really outlining the real bull case to
to gold.
>> Yeah. They're saying that certainly
there are risks that are tilted to the
upside and and and the what you see
right now is a lot of that sort of
enthusiasm rather around gold has been
driven by by central bank buying for
instance has been one of the key
dynamics. We saw the POC for instance
adding to their gold holdings for 11
straight months. But what happens when
the private market gets involved as
well,
>> which is what pushes that upside risk
and bolsters the case for that bull that
that bull case, which I think it's 4,900
is the price target for Goldman, but
they're upside
>> for the end of next year.
>> For the end of next year, you're right.
Uh and but that might be a conservative
target if they say private sector
follows what central banks will continue
to do what they've been doing, which is
I think 70 80 tons of gold buying next
year. That's 19 percentage points of
their 23 percentage points increase
priced in for gold prices. 5% comes from
ETF flows and we're getting a
normalization as far as speculative
flows of negative one uh on that as
well. But yes, I mean that that's just
to say gold has now crossed 4,000 and
this could just be the start of a lot
more uh if Goldman is turns out to be
correct on those on those different
metrics. Okay. Uh the other big story is
well a lot right? So, we talked about
gold. Uh, the weakness in the Japanese
currency is one that we're watching.
We'll get more on this in a moment uh
later on the show, of course. And is it
too early to be talking about
intervention watch? I mean, on some
metrics, we're getting maybe to that
point on most other metrics like actual
V and how long we've seen moves like
this on a daily basis. I mean, we're up
five days on dollar yen. The bulk of
that move came after the weekend, but
according to Mark Crantfield, we're not
there just yet. Well, I think but to
your point around sort of early signs of
jawbon, we did get that yesterday from
the finance minister because he was
saying that okay, he's not going to he's
going to refrain from commenting
specifically on market moves, but he
said as well it is key for FX to move
stably while reflecting fundamentals.
That was the comment we got yesterday,
but as you said on that watch, we get
maybe more verbal intervention possibly.
>> Yeah. Well, I'm still wrapping my head
around how to spell stably. Actually,
that's a word that doesn't really roll
off the roll of the tongue that as as
easy as butter. Does it have an E in it?
Uh, okay. No. Does it? Okay. That's
subtly. Okay. Uh, speaking of a subtle
change is the Kiwi crosses and we're
looking at that this time in the last
hour. The Central Bank RBNZ down by 50
flagging more. Uh, the Aussie, we are on
a rangebound watch here. 11490
is the level we're tracking. Above that,
we break above the range. And as you can
see, the Kiwi is down against everything
including the Japanese currency. I think
if you put those two stories together
and of course the the tech story keeps
giving uh we're looking at Taiwan here
as well, Bill.
>> Yeah, I think the tech story that's
really in focus today comes down to
Oracle. So in the session yesterday, we
had some reporting from the information
and what they were reporting on was some
internal documents that they claimed to
have seen that relate to to the server
rental business for Oracle. So they're
saying essentially that this is a
business that's yes, it's generating
revenue, but how much gross profit is it
actually generating? And they're saying
in the three months that ended August,
they generated $900 million in revenue,
but only $125 million in gross profit.
So they're saying the margins don't look
that great.
>> Is that a problem, though?
>> Well, I mean, not according to everyone,
because it was actually interesting in
the trading session, you saw that
initial reaction down around 7%, but it
did recover to close 2.5% to the
downside. And we did have some
commentary out from our Bloomberg
intelligence team for instance, and
they're saying, "Look, Oracle has has
always looked to undercut their
competitors pricing. It's done this
already for its cloud service business.
So maybe this isn't too much of a
surprise, and they don't actually see
them changing their pricing dynamics
either."
>> Bill, fantastic there. Of course, ju
just to mention as well, Larry Ellison,
of course, is the biggest winner so far
in our Rich Go rankings. He's up by 150
billion um year to date. Okay, let's
just to say that the tech space has
really benefited both the extremely
wealthy and of course the retail
investor. Uh let's bring in Winnie Shu
out of out of Taipei for our Asia
equities reporter to help us understand
this tech play, gold, movie stocks and
all these different themes. Winnie,
Winnie, we're all yours. What do you
think uh it's it's the top sector
conversation today in the equity market?
Yeah, I think like Annabelle just
mentioned, it's really about how this AI
rally seems to be taking a breather
right now. And we see that also showing
in um um the Hong Kong stocks as we open
after a holiday. So without that
southbound flow and also um these
incremental AI positive news, it seems
to uh be a bit difficult to keep up with
that um upside or that optimism around
uh the the shares going higher. And when
you look at just how far um we've come,
right, yes, we have seen this big rally,
but HSCI this uh week already is down
about 2% and if we kind of uh stay with
that, we're going to see it um having
its worst week since August. And Alibaba
here is that big um stock that we are
still watching and it's down over 5% so
far this week. And that's even coming
after how um the Deutsche Bank actually
raised its price target talking about
these um AI breakthroughs. So that along
with Morgan Stanley earlier and JP
Morgan seems to not be enough to kind of
help the the stock to go further as lots
have been priced in already so far. Um
but just now you mentioned David another
part that we're looking at is uh these
travel stocks or these um casino stocks.
um because we are in this golden golden
week and the spending data is what we're
watching very closely but seems like so
far from Goldman all these um sellside
data we are seeing some weakness when it
comes to spending
>> so then how does that sort of set us up
for the reopen of mainland markets as
well?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Exactly. So, usually, historically
speaking, when we look at kind of how um
markets open right after the holiday, 80
uh sorry, 60 to 70%, we do see a bit of
a bump after the market reopen, usually
on uh that um catch up play that that we
see. But this time around, the focus
really is still on the consumption uh
consumption data and the
>> Okay, I think we're just Oh, okay. There
we I think we just had some um Oh, yeah.
Okay. Guarantee you that Winnie is not
trolling us. There we go. She's very
good at that. Okay. No, I think we're
having some technical issues there with
Winnie. U we were just talking about, of
course, this approach to the reopen of
Chinese mainland which is shut today as
with Korea is still shut today as well.
Uh and some of the uh high frequency
numbers we're looking at here.
>> Yeah, it's interesting because as as
Winnie was pointing out, look, it's it's
looking a little bit maybe a bit softer
um than could have been expected. And I
think also what it is is this is also an
8. So you know last year it was 7 days,
this year it's 8 days. So that also is
sort of playing into the data. But
Winnie, I think we've got you back here.
So So just pick up on that point you
were making around Chinese markets
reopening tomorrow.
>> Yes. So So basically we've been seeing
that historical data pointing to the
weak side right after market opens. um
we um 60 to 70% of the chances we see a
bit of an up uptick usually because of
that catchup after holiday but this time
around like you mentioned just now the
the economic data and that spending data
will be key to watch because so far we
heard from Goldman Nura that the data is
weak and just we just had that note from
city out saying that the box office data
actually is down 17% compared to last
year so overall it seems like you know
we are still seeing the weakness
continue when it comes to economic
activity. So that would be still the key
to watch when it comes to how far
further this rally can go.
>> Whitney, one last question for you. Uh
this is on Vietnam and obviously the
upgrade and I'm sorry to put you on the
spot here. The are we hearing from any
investors how much this upgrade might
actually lead to as far as uh potential
inflows are concerned because we're
looking at the the market in Vietnam
right now. are up 3% uh in the opening
uh minutes. Winnie, what do we know?
>> Yes. So, actually, you know, while most
investors are saying that the impact
might not be as big as if we can get
that MSCI upgrade, which we're now
looking for 2030, but it still is very
meaningful for Vietnam, especially when
it comes to uh drawing the foreign
inflows because uh for example, we are
hearing that HSBC now estimating about
$3.4 4 billion dollars of inflows to
come back to Vietnam. And it's so
important for the market, not just
because now it puts it back onto the
radar for uh global investors, but also
because so far the rally this year up
more than 30% or so. That's mainly being
driven by retail investors and foreign
investors have been selling. So with um
this upgrade and sentiment being boosted
along with um how we're seeing the
improvement in the uh economic side of
things, the government progrowth and the
um political stability that we're seeing
the market and more upside is expected
for the Vietnamese market and we are yes
expected billions of dollars of inflows
to come in uh with that upgrade.
>> Winnie, thank you so much. Winnie is she
there in Taipei for us this morning our
Asia equities reporter. Now the other
big story in the tech space here that
our scoop here Bloomberg has learned
about this um interesting structure to
this deal between Elon Musk, Nvidia and
XAI of course that started out of Elon
Musk. Uh yeah, what do we know?
Interesting. So what what what caught
your eye here?
>> I think there's two things. We can get
to the structure in a moment, but I
think we can also just start with sort
of the overall uh framework of the deal
as well because it's it's pretty mental
when you think about how much they're
looking to raise. So, we reported on
this deal or this financing they were
looking to get uh back at the end of
September. And at that point, we were
hearing it was they were looking at $10
billion at a $200 million valuation.
Now, we're hearing they've actually
doubled that to around $20 billion.
That's how much uh XAI Musk's artificial
intelligence startup is looking to raise
here. What we're also hearing, and this
is again according according to sources,
but we also hear that Nvidia is looking
to take a stake that would be an equity
stake possibly worth as much as $2
billion. But it is interesting because
it sort of fuels two different things.
Firstly, you've got those concerns
ongoing that there's sort of these
circular deals that are taking place.
That's one of the key concerns, but also
it sort of just feeds into that broader
context you've seen, which is just a lot
of investing right now in the AI
infrastructure story.
>> I mean, the the interesting structures
we're seeing right now, I mean, I want
to call them I don't want to call them X
deals per se because there is some money
involved, right? in this case of course
the financing in the state but I can't
help but think of what we've seen this
week right with AMD and open a and open
AI and people the players are getting
interesting here as far as how they're
structuring these deals and how it
benefits really the ecosystem. Yeah,
exactly. I think when you take a look at
this deal in particular and again
according to our sources, but so we
heard they're looking to raise $20
billion. So $7.5 billion is going to be
equity. The remainder they're looking to
do as debt and then what sources are
telling us it's going to be structured
via an SPV or a special purpose vehicle.
Now that special purpose vehicle is
going to be the vehicle to buy the
Nvidia chips and then XAI is going to
lease the chips over a 5-year period
from the SPV. So that's a way for Wall
Street investors to recoup their
investment and it also sets up possibly
an interesting playbook for other tech
companies that are looking to decrease
their debt exposure.
>> Yeah, there we go. Lawyers must be busy
as well then.
>> Very busy if you're working in leverage
finance.
>> All right. Uh just ahead we'll simplify
things and we'll have a look at fixed
income. Yes, that is the simplified
version of markets these days. Alian's
global investors the CIO joins us to
help us understand do you how much
duration do you take up where you
increase your duration exposure how we
look at interest rates at this point in
time joins us in the in the following
minutes
[Music]
okay welcome Welcome back. So, in the
last 75 minutes or so, it's quite a bit
of rerating and uh adjustments taking
place in Kiwi assets. As you can see,
the Kiwi down substantially, not just
against the dollar, it's down against
everything. It's even down against the
yen, which that tells you something. Uh
2-year yield is down about 8 n basis
points. So, the RBNZ cut by 50, slightly
more than the consensus. uh and they're
flagging more cuts are coming if the
economy continues on its current
trajectory. Is that the same clarity
that we can get though from the Fed
which seems to be stuck between a rock
and hard place with its dual mandate
seemingly sending different signals or
contrasting signals. Jenny Dung is with
us here on set, CIO at fixed in of fixed
income at Alian. Very nice to see you.
So what do you do when
when the Fed has two very contrasting
signals?
>> Yeah, you're absolutely right. And the
Fed is in uh in a between a rock and a
hard place right now because these two
mandates which is job jobs and price
stability are at odds. Even more
interesting currently that we've we
haven't seen this phenomena for a very
long time is on one hand your growth
actually is we can say it's moderating.
Growth is moderating. This is still
still below trend.
>> But on the other hand, inflation remains
sticky or at least the uncertainties on
inflation is on the on the higher side.
The pressure inflation pressure is on
the higher side due to the tariffs and
even due to without tariffs structurally
inflation pressure is on the higher side
as well.
>> And the tariffs haven't even come
through yet.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Now, but also what's
interesting is we see job market
weakening.
>> But at the same time, consumption holds
up really strongly. In fact, it actually
picked up over the summertime. Now, if
you ask yourself why that's the case, we
haven't seen that. It's it's at odds,
right? Why? We think it's because, you
know, like American companies and
corporates who we talked to, they are
not hiring. Yes, that's why job numbers
is coming down, but they're not firing
either. And the people who are currently
in jobs, their pays are still okay.
That's why they keep consuming. And then
now with S&P, you know, doing really
really well year to date, that also
fueled more consumption of particularly
that that the top 50% of the of the
population.
>> That's what it really seems to be. The
high income earners are the ones that
are really holding up consumption
because of that wealth effect. Then what
happens I guess for the outlook? Where
does the Fed go from here into next
year?
>> Exactly. Now Fed delivered what we call
a insurance cut 25 by 25 basis point in
September. Now you may ask okay the
economy is imbalance why they need to
cut it's exactly because that the doom
mandate is at odds when you don't know
when there are so many uncertainties and
the one side of your data is telling you
okay the job market is weakening they
lean slightly towards the growth and
also at the same time they will watch
what's going to happen. So when you have
so many uncertainties um that you don't
know what's going to happen, it's
actually a rational decision to bring
rates towards neutral. So towards
neutrality. Now we can debate whether
this terminal neutral terminal rate
should be three or 3.5% but it's
definitely lower than where we are now.
So Fed it's highly likely we'll continue
to cut.
>> And if they're continuing to cut in a
decently okay economy, does that mean
more duration from strategy? And does
that mean I lean more in favor of high
yield than quality because the economy
is doing well?
>> Like what does that mean?
>> That's a really good question. Now we
first need to ask ourselves what do we
need duration for in our portfolios?
>> Duration particularly US duration. Okay.
Yeah. We we talk I think last one we
talk about people have hesitations on US
Treasury being the risk-free asset.
Yeah. But I think over time over the
past couple of months I think US
treasury resumed that role as a
risk-free or or anti-fragile
um assets in the portfolio. Now we know
in fact if you look at the overall macro
picture there are much more
uncertainties. The macro debate can go
anywhere pretty much that the range of
outcome is very wide. However, what's
clearer are two things. Number one is
your valuation. I haven't heard any
person talking about valuation is low,
isn't it? Valuation is high everywhere.
Equity multiples at multi-year high,
credit spreads are at at multi-year low.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So that that's so when you have
asset risk assets valuations very high,
>> it makes sense to add duration, extend
the duration a little bit in your
portfolio to restore resilience. This is
not marketable. It's not to say duration
is going to up or down, but you would
need that duration in your portfolio to
restore resilience.
>> Wait, where would you do that then
though? In which markets would you?
>> US.
>> US market.
>> It's still in the US market because I
don't know if for fixed income, US is
takes the lion's share of our fixed
income market.
>> What about though for for emerging
market debt? I mean, how attractive does
carry look like right now and and Asian
credit? Just generally
>> emerging market we think is at a t a
tipping point for a structural rating.
If you look at emerging market, it's
it's very interesting that if you look
at the DM versus EM from a fundamental
perspective,
>> we see DM countries overall seeing
unsustainable debt levels on the
sovereign side. Well, that and also
slowing growth. We don't see that in
emerging market,
>> right? And also we see probably more
downgrades more rating negative rating
actions on the DM side but we see more
upgrades from sovereign perspective on
the EM side. So we're we're structurally
constructive on emerging market debt and
we think that the emerging market debt
will if we look forward three to five
years will will take a very different
will take a very different uh role in
portfolios will become more and more
central rather than satellite. However,
again be aware that valuation is indeed
very tight and we started to see pickup
of political noises again in different
in different emerging markets. So you
still need to know where you are going
to invest in. You still need to know
your security pickup.
>> We're we're moving into earning season
very soon. Will a good set of earnings
allay most of your concerns over
valuations? Earnings is the most
important thing to watch. In fact, here
both in the US and the rest of the world
2 earnings in the US was very strong. In
fact, it's stronger than expected and
and but but we started to see hu
divergences that confirms our earlier
view that US is indeed in the late
cycle. Now what are we going to watch in
the US earnings is mainly to see that
with how tariff is going to impact
margins. That's the thing and that's one
and number two how capex will be looking
like. So that's that that's the second
thing. However, if you look at the rest
of the world, for example, Europe, we
see the the the earnings from Europe in
fact confirms our view that Europe is in
a different cycle. It's at the early
recovery stage. And we need to see that
that technical cycle it's going to
continue or not. And Asia, I have been
talking about that for a very long time.
Asian is in a very different cycle from
a credit cycle perspective. Earning has
been strong, balance sheet has been very
strong. We've already come through that
down cycle. Well, some of the sectors
are still in the down cycle, but overall
we're in the sweet spot of the cycle.
>> Jenny, thanks so much for joining us
this morning. That was Jenny Zang, the
CIO of fixed income at Alian. And still
ahead on the China show.
>> This has been the big story this hour.
Vietnam winning emerging market status
from index compiler Footsie Russell
potentially unlocking billions of
dollars in capital inflows. You've seen
that market reaction there. Actually, we
saw equities coming online a bit
stronger. You're pulling back a bit, but
you've had more than a 30% rally year to
date off the potential of this upgrade.
We'll get more details just ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Vietnam's won emerging market status
from index compiler Footsie Russell
potentially unlocking billions of
dollars in capital inflows. Let's get
more with our Hanoi bureau chief
Franchesca Stevens joining us with more.
And and Franchesca, you're seeing the
market reaction there. But why exactly
has this happened now?
>> Yeah, that's right. From next uh next
September, Vietnam's stock market will
be upgraded from frontier to secondary
emerging market status by Fitzy Russell.
Grouping it in with the likes of China,
India and Indonesia. Ahead of that,
there will be an interim review in
March. Fitzy Russell says this will be
determined whether sufficient progress
has been made in enabling access to
global brokers. It's been quite the wait
for Vietnam to get here after first
being added to Fitzy Russell's watch
list for potential reclassification back
in September 2018. But since then, big
steps have been taken here to bring the
market into line with global standards.
And that's included things like removing
the requirement for overseas investors
to fully preund equity trades and
establishing a formal process for
handling failed trades. Another reform
aimed to eliminate the ability of public
companies to unilaterally impose foreign
ownership limits. Uh so uh optimism
around the upgrade has helped lift the
be the uh VN index to fresh highs and
it's climbed more than 30% this year.
>> And are we going to get more billions of
inflows into the market? Franchesca,
what does it mean for the broader
market?
Well, Fitzy has predicted an upgrade
could add up to $6 billion and
redirected foreign inflows, but HSBC
sees it more around $3.4 billion. There
are longerterm benefits to being labeled
an emerging market. Of course, it opens
Vietnam to a broader pool of investors
with wider mandates, and investors argue
that opening up the country to more
foreign participation will deepen the
country's liquidity. It's also seen as a
stepping stone to an even bigger prize
and that is the government set its
sights on reaching emerging market
status by the MSCI by 2030. That's
widely seen as a more significant
milestone and potentially unlocking even
greater inflows.
>> Franchesca Stevens, thank you so much.
Our Vietnam bureau chief there in Hanoi
with the big news of the day. Markets
are still higher uh although we're
coming off highs of the day. We'll have
more on the outlook for Vietnam in the
next hour with Vin Capital Asset
Management joining insight with Amen at
those times on the screen. So that's in
about 30 or so minutes from now.
[Music]
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets just about to go onto their
lunch break and we are seeing them
actually moving kind of steady this
morning but that's doing better than the
broader benchmark cuz it's off half a
percent but that's also the China story
I think or the Hong Kong story
specifically and how much tech is sort
of dragging down the index but the nic
here again fairly flat but we are of
course tracking other stocks in
particular a soft bank is one of those
names a soft bank corp so so the parent
or the the the holding company but
essentially they're launching a cloud
and AI I service in Japan with Oracle.
This is an interesting one because of
course you've seen Oracle really pushing
ahead with with with major AI
infrastructure deals in the US. These
companies are as well involved in those
deals in the states uh too. But you are
seeing SoftBank there just a little bit
under pressure and also taking a look as
we said tech stocks sort of bearing the
brunt of the selloff today. Is that the
same story in Japan? Yes, you are seeing
uh for instance equipment suppliers like
like Tokyo Electron for instance down
more than 2%.
>> Yeah, I mean what a story in Japan this
week. It's really been about completely
different things, right? So there's a
tech story, there's obviously what's
been going on in politics and I think
when you look at the apart from the Kiwi
dollar, which is the big currency that
we're focused on today, the yen
continues to be a close number too
because over the last five days, in
fact, I think we're up five straight
days now on dollar yen. So going into
the weekend, we were trading at about
147 specifically on dollar yen. We had
the elections, we had this repricing.
Now is this a structural reopening up of
the channel towards the upside? Maybe
not just yet, right? So I mean let let
me ask question and you know is it time
to be looking out for signs of uh verbal
intervent intervention right? So Mark K
from our team says it's a bit too early
as far as that's concerned because while
the exchange rate has actually moved up
quite a bit in fact on a weekly basis
the rate of change is now the biggest
move get this since this time last year
when the BOJ was between its first and
second rate hikes right about here. When
you look at the actual V, a 10day V,
Mark says we'll need a few more days of
two plus percent moves that we've seen
this week for us to be able to enter in
this sort of period where it might
actually be worth paying more attention
from a trader perspective for signs that
the Japanese authorities are getting too
uncomfortable with the move. So, so far
10day oil remains
low relative to periods where they did
intervene bill last year.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and that's the story that
makes the upcoming BOJ decision so
difficult for for Governor WA because
we've been speaking with different
guests like Nick Smith from CLSA for
instance who say economically really
there is a there is a case for for the
BOJ to continue its normalizing path.
But you've got of course the the the
incoming Prime Minister Taki who who
certainly sees that need for them to
hold steady instead. But let's take a
look at what this means exactly for the
trading dynamics. bring in our FX
strategist David Finity joining us from
Singapore. So So David, what do we
expect for for the yen? Where does it go
>> at the moment? Certainly the sentiments
turn very bearish on the yen, very
bullish on dollar yen. You've seen hedge
funds certainly today and a bit of
yesterday buying a lot more call options
which uh become profitable if dollar yen
rises. So the sentiment certainly turned
bearish towards the end. Obviously,
Vienn's case wasn't helped today by weak
of unexpected Japan labor data. Again,
it adds to the idea of do you need to
rate hike anytime soon. So, at the
moment, it's a one-way track, shall we
say? And then the market's not really
fighting at the moment um of dollar
higher. Now, I do think going back to
what David English was saying of
intervention or verbal intervention
should we say, I think it does get the
case we said we've gone five points in
two days. we keep this pace up. We're at
155 by the end of the week. And I think
at that point, I think uh if you're bo
if you're the Ministry of Finance, you
do start to go, it's a bit too quick for
my liking uh to move eight points within
just over a week. So, I do think the
market traders will be watching for some
verbal intervention at some point if
this pace continues um to go.
>> David, the other story we want to ask
you about is the RBNZ and the weakness
in the Kiwi complex. How much further do
you think markets need to adjust given
the new language which came through out
of the RBNZ?
>> Yeah, so the RBNZ definitely surprised
um I mean the market was sort of 50/50
and whether it's be 50 or quarter point
cut they went for 50 and the dovish tone
so they definitely threw open the door
to more easing if you went look going
into this market the market going into
the decision the market's looking for
terminal let's say about 2.2s twos. So
basically you go somewhere between two
two and a quarter. So the market was
already looking for basically
potentially 50 and another 25 to 50 on
top of this. So the the rhetoric is in
line with that because it's saying okay
I may do another one to two cuts. You
know you can't never say maybe more than
that. The market's very happy to price
in rate cuts if given any chance. So
obviously the data is going to be key.
would be looking for the CPI data and
any growth data uh on a monthly basis
coming out like PMI data and stuff like
that. So if they continue to show
weakness the market may go look actually
I think the term was two and you know
never say never it may go lower than
that but I do think at the moment two is
I think as realistically how low the
market can push it certainly near term
um for the terminal rate uh unless that
data really does continue to tank.
David, thank you so much. David Finery
there, our FX strategist in Singapore
for us. Let's pivot now. Have a look at
equity markets. The reopen in Hong Kong
about 65 minutes now into the cash
market session. We're looking at BABA
down about 1.7
10 cent and BU were down about 3.7. So
the big AI winners are seeing most of
the downward pressure right now.
10-centent not so much, right? It's been
largely rangebound relatively speaking
to the others. Uh Bloomberg Intelligence
has is out with quite a stark warning
that the three companies may actually
fall short of investor hopes for Gen AI
putting pressure on future earnings.
Robert Lee, our senior analyst, the
author of that report is here with us.
Robert, the let let me let me quote you
here. The investors of Alibaba face a
reality check once AI limits are clear.
They're they're clear to you. They're
not clear to many people. Why are they
clear to you? And what what are the what
are those limits?
>> Okay. Well well what first of all what's
driven the rally in the China tech
sector? Obviously you know China's
making uh clear progress technologically
uh narrowing the gap with the US. I
think that's pretty clear but the rate
of monetization is extremely slow. Also
there's been a liquiditydriven rally in
the market obviously underpinned by
expectations for the Fed um to cut
rates. So all of that has engendered or
driven a risk-on environment, a very
high level of retail investor
participation ahead of a major holiday
which was yesterday, the mid-autumn
festival. So that's the backdrop. I'd
say that's driven by all those factors I
just mentioned, but not by the
fundamentals because at its heart,
generative AI is actually not
intelligent. In many ways, it's
decidedly dumb.
>> I've heard it described as autocomplete
on steroids. Now I'm not in any way uh
contradicting or questioning the value
ad that it can bring uh because clearly
it's it's a useful productivity tool. An
efficiency tool in certain circumstances
particularly drug discovery you know is
an everyday tool or whatever but in no
way do I think it's intelligent and in
no way do I think it will ever live up
to the complete hype there is in the
market at the moment. So you've got this
uh divergence between you know very very
high expectations being priced into
these stocks uh you know substantial
reratings that's just not coming through
in the earnings nor is likely to come
through because again just taking a step
back the barriers to entry in AI are
actually exceedingly low. I'll give you
an example. Deepseek, a 200 person
outfit, you know, could appear seemingly
out of nowhere in January and disrupt
the entire industry and global markets.
So, I'm not in any way denigrating or
questioning the, you know, what they
did. It was a great technological
achievement, but you are almost never
going to see that with TSMC.
Semiconductors is really hard. It's
really expensive. You're putting chips
together literally at the atomic scale.
the barriers to entry, technical
barriers to entry are very very high.
That doesn't exist in AI. And therefore,
you've got more than 500 large language
models in China at the moment. The level
of product differentiation is extremely
low. The level of monetization is
extremely low. These things are not
intelligent. They don't really add a
significant uh level of value ad.
Therefore, the market is trading on
false hopes. This is a paper tiger
market.
I look at this these movers here and and
I think about who's looking most
vulnerable based off that thesis and I
have to say based on the market reaction
I mean BU's rally has been predicated
off a reassessment of its AI. So if if
that's sort of tested this could be
perhaps the one that that stands to lose
the most do you think?
>> I do agree with that but I'd say the
same is true with Alibaba and you don't
have to believe me go on to the terminal
mod look at the consensus numbers. If
you look at Alibaba and I'm not picking
on them in any way, the consensus is
currently factoring a substantial
earnings recovery. Now I will say that
you know we've seen massive uh you know
use vague terms that is substantial
earnings downgrades for Alibaba this
year. So the market and and consensus to
sell side is expecting a big rebound
that is almost entirely driven by
e-commerce recovery in their e-commerce
business. It's not driven by AI. So AI
is driving the hype and the headlines on
this and the sentiment, but in no way
even consensus expects AI to make a
meaningful contribution to Alibaba's
earnings over the next two years. And
the same applies to BU and yeah, I agree
BU is in a you know potentially weaker
position because it's core search
business is under enormous pressure at
the moment. Um so I I think you know is
my argument right? we will see the
fullness of time but I think you know we
we go back to the MIT survey a month or
so ago people seem to have conveniently
forgotten that at the moment there was
no real evidence coming through that
companies using generative AI are
generating any meaningful level of
profit or return at the moment and I
expect that to continue
>> yeah and as you've said many times when
you look at the the capex that they have
into AI versus the actual revenue
they're generating it's it's really a
very wide gap that was bloomberg
intelligence senior industry anal
analyst there, Robert Lee, joining us.
And and today's big take as well lays
out the complex web of AI deals with
Nvidia and Open AI at the center. That
was a huge deal. 10 gawatt of of of GPUs
coming online. Also fueling that that
concern around these circular deals as
well. But you can read more about this
on the terminal and at bloomberg.com.
>> Right. Coming up, solar installations
are tumbling in China to the lowest
level in nearly 3 years. More on the
country's flagging renewable sector.
Just ahead, this is the China Show.
[Music]
Well, here are some of the top corporate
stories that we're tracking here. and
Tesla shares fell as it introduced
cheaper versions of its top selling
models in a bid to counteract the loss
of US incentives for electric cars. The
new standard versions of the Model 3
sedan and Model Y are priced at under
$40,000 with less battery range and also
stripped features. Tesla's global sales
have fallen around 6% this year.
Mercedes-Benz sales in China plunged 27%
last quarter, the steepest drop that
it's seen in almost a decade. Its German
rivals BMW, Audi, and Porsche also
reported weaker sales. Homegrown brands
like BYD and Xiaomi are luring buyers
with cheaper feature-p packed electric
cars, eroding profits for Western
automakers that are already facing soft
demand in Europe and higher tariffs in
the US. And as we mentioned, BMW, one of
those companies, lowering its fullear
forecast after weak demand in China as
well and higher tariff costs that are
hitting its earnings. The automaker now
expects pre-tax profit to slip and cut
its free clash flow target rather to
around half its earlier goal. BMW is
betting on new EVs like its EX-3 to win
back sales from China rivals.
>> Well, China's once booming solar
industry is actually losing steam with
new insulations falling to their lowest
in nearly 3 years. That's raising some
questions about the pace of its green
transition. Let's bring in David
Fickling, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist. That's the thesis of his
piece and he's going to help us discuss
that. So, David, at the very heartland
of solar power, you think some trouble
is brewing and what what is your uh what
do you think is the problem here?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, like I say, um China
slowing down is still by the standards
of anywhere else um very fast in terms
of solar installation. Uh I mean in in
April alone, China installed uh about as
much as the entire world installed of
solar power in uh 2018. Um and we saw
this um promise from Xiinping uh last
month uh to reach 3,600 gawatt of
renewables by 2035. That's about 50%
more renewables than exists in the world
today. So there are some high targets
there. Um but as you say, things have
been slowing down quite dramatically. uh
as of August the slowest in 3 years and
there was an auction under new rules um
in Shandong province uh last month that
produced a price of um about 215 um yuan
per megawatt hour which is really uh too
low for solar developers to actually
invest and so there's a there's a a lot
of fear in the market at this point um
that we're going to see a much sharper
drop off in installations over the over
the coming months.
>> So then what's the solution to that
issue? what can be done to sort it out?
I
>> I mean, I think the core of the problem
here is that although you've got this
very uh high-tech um manufacturing
sector and clean energy um you know um
products, uh it's shackled to quite an
antiquated market. Uh that's it's not um
very little traded on market based
terms. Um if if I'm a major consumer, I
uh plan and pay for most of my
generation from coal generators up to a
year in advance. uh and if I don't meet
that electricity or if the electricity
is cheaper from solar panels, I still
have to pay the coal generator. Um in
addition to that, there's been this um
uh there are these things called
capacity payments. These are used in
places like Europe, in the US um to to
ensure that like fossil fuel generators
um go on to standby. They don't operate
all the time. Um in China, they're very
very generous and actually they're used
just as a general subsidy for for coal.
And so what that means is that
renewables are really exposed to um to
the full market red and tooth and claw
whereas uh whereas coal generators are
sort of feather bedded and treated to um
uh you know fairly much more comfortable
conditions by by the regulation.
>> Yeah, as you say in the piece that the
market's been gradually tilted in in
favor of fossil fuels in recent years.
That's really great opinion piece there
from our opinion columnist David
Fickling. And as we check on that as
well, we're also taking a look at what's
happening with gold because this
happened at the top of this hour, but
the gold spot crossing $4,000 for the
first time ever. So, you've already got
futures above that point, but gold h has
certainly caught up here. And it's it's
really that story around uh you've got
the story around central bank buying
certainly playing into it, but we also
heard from from Goldman Sachs as well on
their forecast because they've raised it
to 4,900 for the end of next year.
>> Yeah. down to central bank buying which
is the bulk of that ETF inflows uh
coming through and even at 4900 which is
their as pointing out their new forecast
for December of next year. He even said
that even with that revised number
upside risks remain to gold. Have a
listen.
>> I would say the risk to our forecast on
net are skewed to the upside. What is
the the significant upside risk to our
already bullish forecast? It's the
possibility that diversification into
gold which has largely been led by the
official sector central banks broadens
to the private sector. We saw a prelude
of that in uh September. In fact, in
September, Western ETF inflows into the
gold market were about six times higher
than what our traditional rates based
model for ETF inflows predicts.
And what's interesting to track as well
is how that gold price rally is fueling
a new boom in in Western Australia's
gold fields. Giants like Northern Star,
Evolution, they're well and truly
cashing in. But investors still haven't
forgotten the past cycles where miners
overspend and also they underdelled.
Bloomberg's Paul Allen explains what
companies are doing differently this
time amid those global risks and
uncertainty.
I think that the difference this time is
is what's going on around central banks
and that shift of we need to have gold
in our reserves a lot more. Whereas back
uh in the last cycle it was it was
really around the whole mining boom and
and therefore what was going on in low
inflation, low interest rates that
pushed the price of gold up. And so that
was more being driven by an economic
standpoint. this time it's really being
driven by geopolitical tensions and and
the shift in in the way that governments
are are handling their reserves. And so
that's why you sort of see that
structural shift that that that the
governments are driving this this price
whereas the economy was driving the
other one.
>> In 2019, Evolution reported adjusted
gross profit of about 270 million US or
about $410 million Australian dollars.
That now jumped to about 1 billion. It's
expected to grow even further to almost
two billion next year.
>> And how about on the costs front? What's
that like? At the moment,
>> power will go up because we've obviously
doubling the processing and the
processing uses power. 50% of our costs
are labor.
>> And investors are keeping a keen eye on
costs this time around. When gold prices
last jumped, Australia's gold miners
underperformed, falling 16% in the three
years from 2010, while the price of the
metal itself rose 52%.
Uh, and if you're one of our
subscribers, you can rewatch that
specific interview in August that you
might have missed here on the TV go
function. TV go on your Bloomberg
terminal.
[Music]
The JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond says
government shutdowns are a bad idea, but
they only have a limited effect on
markets and the economy. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, he also told
us a US recession is a possibility next
year.
Look, I don't like shutdowns. I I think
it's just a bad idea. And I don't care
what the Democrats, Republicans say.
It's a bad idea. It's not a way to run a
railroad. I don't think it's critical.
We've had I forgot the number, four or
five or six. You know, one of them went
for 35 days. I'm not sure anyone really
affected the economy and the market in a
real way.
>> Where do you think we are in that bull
market? Is there is there any
complacency there? Is it underpinned by
rational factors? Is there more
momentum? Yeah, you know, look, we're in
a bull market. It's been clear asset
prices are high, credit spreads are low,
consumer still okay, the consumer has
jobs. Remember, jobs, jobs, jobs are
what usually starts to force people to
cut back and change thing and consumers
spend less and companies cut back. So
far so good. There are a lot of issues
out there that, you know, the economyy's
got to deal with from all this
geopolitical stuff. Maybe they'll sort
out well. What's going to happen to
inflation? I'm a little more nervous
about inflation not coming down like
people expect. That might be a surprise.
On the other hand, there's a lot of
spending. There's a lot of government
spending, which is inflationary, too, by
the way. And
>> and so I look, I don't know. I hope for
the best, plan for the worst.
>> And you're not worried about a recession
in 2026 for the US. You made that clear.
>> I think it could happen in 2026. I just
I'm not worried about is a different
statement. We'll deal with it. We'll
serve our clients. We'll navigate
through it. A lot of us have been
through them before. You don't wish it
because, you know, certain people get
hurt, but uh but it could happen in 202.
But still of course in the US government
shutdown.
>> But but I do think they're positives
like deregulation is a real positive
which also helps animal spirits is a
positive and you know there in the one
big beautiful bill there's also more
stimulus that has positives for the
economy but maybe negatives for
inflation. So how it all sorts out we'll
we'll see.
>> When it comes to AI which parts of the
JP Morgan business are going to be most
transformed by AI.
>> Yeah. So we already we've been doing AI
since 2012. So people think it's a new
thing. Gen AI is kind of new, but not
all AI. We have 2,000 people doing it.
Spend two billion dollars a year on it.
It affects everything. Risk, fraud,
marketing, idea generation, customer
service, and it's kind of the tip of the
iceberg. And so, you know, we're
deploying it. Every time we meet as a
business, we ask, "What are you doing
now? What are you doing to serve your
people? Why can you do better? What is
somebody else doing?" So, we're freely
deploying it and safely. We, you know,
have a lot of rules and regulations in
place, our own data and how we use it,
etc. Is it having a material impact on
revenues for JP Morgan? If not now, then
when?
>> So we have shown that for that for two
billion of expense. We have about two
billion benefit. Some we actually can do
real detail. We did this. We reduced
headcount. We saved this time and money.
We reduced errors. Some you can't. It's
just improved service. Something like
that. It's like almost worthwhile
worthless to say what's the MPV. But we
know about $2 billion of actual cost
saves. And I like I said, I think it's
the tip of the iceberg.
Yeah, that was T-MAC there with Jamie
Diamond of course out of JP Morgan at
the Bank's Tech Stars Conference in uh
in London. Before we go, brief look at
these markets. Kiwis weaker, cut by 50.
RBNZ expressing more is likely ahead. Uh
weaker yen again for a fifth day.
Intervention Watch might be too early.
We're flatter on the JGB curve. Uh film
stocks in China are on the down on the
back of still early but weak numbers
coming to out of the golden golden week
box office and Jangy copper. We talked
about copper prices coming up on your
screen. Should be more to the upside. 7%
there.
>> Yeah, Morgan Stanley's tripled their
their price target for that company as
well. So, you're seeing it 7% in the
green. But that is it for the China
show. Insight with Hasselinder Amin
next. Stay with us.
[Music]